Right.
Know the law.
allows for the
childcare
and never forget
I'm a man of high status, so I'll be a man of low status.
Don't be silly. I'm not like that. I'm a coward.
What? Coward? You don't know the word?
There's a man called Oubo in the Niju Shikō of cowardice.
Do you know him?
He's a smart man. He's a coward.
Oubo? You know him, so that's fine.
I'm not going to go there. It's my first time here.
I have to do it slowly.
I'll do it slowly, so listen.
If you do it slowly, Oubo...
If you do it slowly, you'll grow a human's wings.
Don't be silly.
There's a man who's got a bone in his back and he's a bad person.
There was a mother called Oubo in the Niju Shikō of cowardice.
This mother hates the god.
She's a god. She's a beautiful woman.
But the god is a very beautiful woman.
A god can't be a beautiful woman.
One day, her mother passed away.
Someone took her away.
She was so sad. How old was she?
I don't know. I didn't see her.
You didn't see her? She was a mother.
What are you talking about?
I don't know. She died.
She died.
I don't know.
She was buried in the grave.
Oubo was a coward who was killed by his mother.
He was a fool to have given up Oubo to a woman like that.
Why? Why did he kill her?
What if the god falls on Oubo's back?
Oubo will be burned.
If he was a creature like you,
he would die for the sake of the Yakuza.
The god can't fall because he has a godly brother.
Why does the god want to fall?
The god will save her.
I don't know.
Then, fall.
Fall?
What do you know?
I don't know anything.
I haven't told you yet.
Do you know the god of delusion?
What?
The god of delusion.
If you eat it, you'll know that the octopus is better.
I don't know.
There was a man named Moso.
He had a mother.
She was a woman.
What?
She wanted to swim in the river and eat bamboo shoots.
It's not funny.
The god of delusion wanted to eat bamboo shoots.
I want to feed her in a grave without bamboo shoots.
I went to the mountain in the middle of the mountain.
I don't want to feed bamboo shoots because of the river.
I want to feed her in a grave.
I looked at the sky with my eyes.
I shed tears.
The bamboo shoots were in Japan.
It's delicious.
If my mother gave me a gift, I wouldn't have to do it.